Okay,
guys.
And welcome back Key Number one Association,
as I mentioned in the last lecture,
something's and naturally memorable to either everyone or to us personally.
And the wonderful thing about the way we think is it's not linear and mines bones off on
all kinds of tangents.
It will make connections,
associations.
We just can't help ourselves with some things.
Almost everyone's mind will make the same instant connections,
and somewhere in there will be connections that only we could make us individuals.
Now double 07 is a great example on here in the digits double 07 Almost everyone will think
of James Bond.
Maybe even hear the theme to Dr Know,
perhaps Daniel Craig,
Sean Connery,
Sir Roger Moore,
Timothy Dalton or George Lazenby.
And from here,
we can let our minds run free.
Maybe we make the short leap to bond baddies.
Blow felt he was my favorite,
played in the first instance by Donald Pleasants.
He had that white Katty was always stroking.
He loved that cat.
My auntie Olga had a white cat just like that.
Auntie Olga used to make the best muffins I've ever eaten.
There's a great cafe in town.
That's so amazing.
Muffins to I stopped off their toe.
Have one.
When I got off the train the last time I came from visiting London I was in London because
had that meeting with Khloe Khloe I haven't seen for a while.
I wonder how she's doing.
I'll give her a call tonight to check in.
See what I mean?
I got from three digits toe wondering how my friend Chloe was doing that.
Took a while to say It happened in a few seconds in my head.
And that is the very process we're going to tap into now,
though,
hopefully with not as many stages.
So let's start off with a couple of easy ones.
I'm gonna give you two things to remember,
and I want you to form an association between the two.
Ready Pamela Anderson,
red swimsuit.
Okay,
that was an easy one.
Try this gorilla piano.
Okay,
so that's a little more tricky.
Unless you already happen to know a piano playing gorilla.
But what if you were to close your eyes for a second on picture a gorilla playing the piano
?
Go on,
close your eyes for just a few seconds and imagine that crazy scene.
So now if I said gorilla,
could you get to piano?
You probably could.
And the trick here is not to try too hard.
If you can make an instant association,
go with it.
If something popped into your head immediately,
this time the chances are it will the next time to it doesn't matter if it would make sense
to me,
your postman or your cousin Bob.
It only has to work for you.
Okay,
let's try a couple more pineapple Michael Jordan again,
The next pair,
Magic wand bread and our last pair Venus Cornflakes.
Okay,
lets go back over those and see how you did.
So the first pair were pineapple.
Andi Michael Jordan.
Did you manage to make an association between those two completely unrelated things?
Maybe you imagined eating a pineapple,
and then MJ took it from you and started shooting hoops with it.
Or maybe imagine cutting open a pineapple and inside instead of the fruit was a tiny
Michael Jordan trying to escape.
Whatever you came up with is perfectly fine.
So how about the next pair?
Magic wand?
Andi bread.
Perhaps you might imagine needing bread with the wand Or maybe getting bread out of an oven
with the paddle that had a magic wand as a handle.
Or perhaps you even used a magic one to magic up some delicious freshly baked bread.
Okay,
on the final pair.
Venous Andi cornflakes.
Okay,
Now,
here.
Venus could have bean the planet.
Or perhaps she thought of the statue.
Venus de Millo.
Well,
that famous Renee songs painting the Birth of Venus by BOTTICELLI or the tennis player
Venus Williams.
Or if you're a woman,
there's a razor for women called Venus.
How did you tell your image?
Four.
Venus to cornflakes.
Whatever you came up with is just perfect for you.
It doesn't matter if the link you made makes no sense to anyone else as long as it works
for you.
So that's association the A of Ali.
But did you notice one else we did there?
We also included the I imagination.
We took two completely unrelated items on.
By applying a little imagination,
we managed to forge a link where the wasn't one.
So thinking of the first automatically lead us to think of the second Now,
just for a minute or so.
I want you to pause the lecture and let those three scenes that you just made play out in
your mind in all their glory on when you're ready,
come back,
hit play,
and we'll wrap this one up.
Okay?
And well,
come back,
right.
You are already well on your way to becoming a memory machine,
but forewarned is forearmed,
as they say.
So now we're going to do our first test and also you after that.